{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb2 Shortest Route To Finishing game:\
N, w, take bags, ask el about come with me, e, unlock door with key, e, x trash cans, n, w, take gas can, w, take boat, fill Gas-less boat with gas can, get in boat. \
Special ends:\
N, w, take bags, ask el about come with me if you want to live.\
N, x car right next to you, get in ferrari.\
\
How well does the game accomplish what you set out to do?\
I think it accomplishes what I set out to do pretty well. My original goal with this game was for it to be playable and for it to be interesting, at least a little bit, for the player. I was able to accomplish this by putting in different endings to the game and putting in a point system.\
\
Discuss a time when you got stuck, and how you got unstuck.\
A time that I got stuck during the coding was when I was trying to get the NPC to follow the player every turn after the player met the NPC but I could only figure out how to code it so that it always followed the player, even before the player met the NPC. I was able to get unstuck by asking Mrs. Kiang for help. She was extremely helpful with coding the NPC following the player and the actions that had to be taken to make it follow the player while in the game.\
\
Describe each of the required three puzzles in your game and how to solve each puzzle.\
The first puzzle in the game is getting the NPC to follow the player. If the player does not convince the NPC to follow the player then the player will not be able to unlock the door in the previous room. All the player has to say is "ask El about come/coming with me" to get the NPC to follow, which I hinted at in the dialogue provided when the player meets the NPC. The second puzzle is pretty simple, all the player has to do is examine the trashcans in the Back Street to get an item that will allow them to sneak through the next room without being noticed by the guard. The last puzzle in the game is a simple combining puzzle where the player has to fill the gas-less boat with gas. There are some variations to what the player can type in but the two major choices are either "combine the gas-less boat with the gas can" or "fill up the gas-less boat with gas can."\
\
Discuss the gameplay mechanics in your game and how they improve the user's experience.\
Some gameplay mechanics included throwing in a point system and having lots of detail in a few of my rooms. I feel that throwing in different things for the player to look at made the room seem more realistic, even though there was nothing for the player to look at besides words. I feel like the importance of the point system is that it drives players to explore more, which reveals more of the world that's around them.\
\
Discuss the beta testing process: Who tested your game?\'a0\
I had my brother and a couple of people from class test my game. My brother had no idea what to do since he's never played a game like this before but he somehow managed to make it to the NPC with a few points. After that he had no idea what to do. In class I had Elasia and Jacob test out my game, which really helped me out. They both pointed out things that were wrong with my game and different grammar and spelling errors that I had. I was able to make a ton of improvements thanks to the two of them.\
\
How did their feedback affect your game?\'a0\
I was able to make things a lot smoother especially during the puzzles, making it so that the game recognizes different things as the same thing. It also allowed me to make a lot of grammatical and spelling mistakes that I had in the game.\
\
Whose game did you beta test?\'a0\
I beta tested Elasia and Jacob's games. \
\
What feedback were you able to give?\
When I tested their games they were both in an early beta phase so I was only able to give feedback on the things that I saw. I think I told Elasia that her room setup was really cool and if she added a few more descriptions to make things clearer it would be a really cool game. I told Jacob that his game was fun and had a really adventurous feel to it, it also just needed some more descriptions to direct me through the game.\
\
What are you most proud of?\
I'm most proud of having really detailed rooms, especially the first room. I feel that it was just so detailed it was almost completely illustrated. This detail I feel is what really draws players into text based games.\
\
What would you do differently next time?\
Next time I would definitely change some of my puzzles to make it so that they're a little bit more complicated. I would also venture deeper into the whole point based system in the game a little bit more. The main thing that I really want to do is make all of my rooms as in detail as the first room and then maybe a little bit more, within reason of course.}